#https://framagit.org/efydd.atom                                                "~efydd-activity"        outcast
http://fedoraplanet.org/rss20.xml
https://www.lemonde.fr/rss/une.xml                                             "~le-monde"              news
https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/rss                                         "~motherboard/us"        news
https://www.zdnet.fr/feeds/rss/actualites/                                     "~zdnet-fr"              news
https://www.developpez.com/index/rss                                           "~developpez"            news
https://www.cert.ssi.gouv.fr/feed/                                             "~cert-fr"               security
https://www.journalduhacker.net/rss                                            "~journal-du-hacker"     technews
https://www.minimachines.net/feed                                              "~mini-machines"         technews
https://scantrad.fr/rss                                                        "~scantrad"              manga
https://lel.koneko-scantrad.fr/feeds/rss/                                      "~koneko-scantrad"       manga
http://ajianoscantrad.fr/reader/rss.xml                                        "~ajia-no-scantrad"      manga
#http://www.scan-manga.com/rss/BD.xml                                           "~scan-manga"            manga
https://www.brothers-brick.com/feed/                                           "~brothers-brick"        outcast
https://www.commitstrip.com/fr/feed/                                           "~commitstrip"           fun
https://www.xkcd.com/rss.xml                                                   "~xkcd"                  fun
http://lxer.com/module/newswire/headlines.rss                                  "~lxer"                  technews
http://www.tuxmachines.org/node/feed                                           "~tux-machines"          technews
https://blog.adafruit.com/feed/                                                "~adafruit"              technews hardware
https://hackaday.com/feed/                                                     "~hackaday"              technews hardware
https://fedoramagazine.org/feed/                                               "~fedora-magazine"       technews
https://blog.centos.org/feed/                                                  "~centos"                technews
https://krebsonsecurity.com/feed/                                              "~krebs-on-security"     security
https://www.raspberrypi.org/magpi/feed/                                        "~magpi"                 technews
https://nodejs.org/en/feed/vulnerability.xml                                   "~nodejs-security"       technews
https://clientsfromhell.net/feed/                                              "~clients-from-hell"     fun
https://www.viedemerde.fr/rss                                                  "~vdm"                   fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDKPGD9T00eS_l--D_DRTUQ   "~linuxtricks"           youtube technews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4w1YQAJMWOz4qtxinq55LQ   "~level1techs"           youtube technews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg   "~distrotube"            youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA   "~luke smith"            youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkK9UDm_ZNrq_rIXCz3xCGA   "~bryan-lunduke"         youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOWcZ6Wicl-1N34H0zZe38w   "~level1linux"           youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw   "~linus-tech-tips"       youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj_iGliGCkLcHSZ8eqVNPDQ   "~grafikart"             youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCMxHHciWRBBouzk-PGzmtQ   "~bazard-du-grenier"     youtube fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_yP2DpIgs5Y1uWC0T03Chw   "~joueur-du-grenier"     youtube fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClb90NQQcskPUGDIXsQEz5Q   "dev-ed"                 youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbKoGWosBkBFMkUAYW8F5jQ   "dark1"                  youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWJUSpXVHTaHErtGWC5qPlQ   "destination-linux"      youtube
----------------------------
https://cyrille-borne.com/feed/                                                "~cyrille-borne"         outcast
https://www.nolimitsecu.fr/feed/                                               "~no-limit-secu"         podcast
https://www.comptoirsecu.fr/feed/all.xml                                       "~comptoir-secu"         podcast
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Cpu-Programmes                                     "~cpu"                   podcast
http://frenchspin.fr/feed/                                                     "~frenchspin"            podcast